Codestream image work (#5639)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/codestream/codestream-ui-overview/codemarks-section.mdx

metaDescription: "The codemarks section provides a list of open, resolved, and archived CodeStream comments."
---

Whether they originated in a pull request, a feedback request, or through ad hoc code comments/issues, codemarks are the [discussions](/docs/codestream/how-use-codestream/discuss-code) that annotate your codebase. The codemarks section of the CodeStream pane lists all of the codemarks in your current repository for easy reference. 

> ![This image shows where the codemarks section of the CodeStream UI](/images/CodemarksSection1.png "codemarks")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![This image shows the location of the codemarks section in the CodeStream UI](/images/CodemarksSection1.png "codemarks")
```
